docs: Document Quick filters dropdown for Reports (#770)
mautic/user-documentation: docs/reports/reports.rst

  - Opened by default - If you want to ensure that the date filters and filter options for any other Report filters are visible on a Report detail page without needing to open the filters drop-down, select Yes. For example, for an Emails Report, you might want to view dynamic filters for subject or sent date.
  - Hide date range - To hide the date range filter so that Users can't change the dates that the Report displays data for, select to **Yes**.

> Quick filters

Author: Added Quick Filters section documenting the new dropdown feature from [PR #16205](https://github.com/mautic/mautic/pull/16205) which adds preset date ranges (Today, Yesterday, Last 7/30/90 days) next to the date range filter.

Source: https://github.com/mautic/mautic/pull/16205

> Quick filters

Author: Set the heading and inline label to "Quick filters" (sentence case) to match the actual product UI string. The dropdown renders `mautic.core.quick_filters`, whose `en_US` value is `"Quick filters"`, and the preset options (`mautic.report.date.*`) are `Today`, `Yesterday`, `Last 7 days`, `Last 30 days`, `Last 90 days` in `reports.rst`.

Source: https://github.com/mautic/mautic/pull/16205

-------------

> 

Reviewer: @promptless-for-oss, I think we can make this clearer:

- Add brief info where to find the 'Quick filters'. When you open an indivual report page, you can find it on the right, on top of the table.
- Add this image: `report_quick_filters.png`, right after the title. Add descriptive alt text.

Reviewer: Here's the image:

<img width="2095" height="1019" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/5185d65c-ae46-4da4-9d73-ea5131d155b7" />

  - Opened by default - If you want to ensure that the date filters and filter options for any other Report filters are visible on a Report detail page without needing to open the filters drop-down, select Yes. For example, for an Emails Report, you might want to view dynamic filters for subject or sent date.
  - Hide date range - To hide the date range filter so that Users can't change the dates that the Report displays data for, select to **Yes**.

> Quick filters

Reviewer: The intro and the next sections are talking about how to create a report and what the tabs are. So, this section is breaking the flow.

I'm in favor to move this section down, right after "Report options" and before "Exporting Reports" section. Change the header level to h2.

-------------

.. image:: images/report_quick_filters.png
   :align: center

>    :alt: Screenshot of a Mautic Report with the Quick filters dropdown expanded near the top of the data table, showing the Today, Yesterday, Last 7 days, Last 30 days, and Last 90 days date-range options next to the date range filter

Reviewer: Follow accessibility best practice. Don't use 'Screenshot of'. Add a period at the end of the sentence.

|

> On an individual Report's page, you'll find the **Quick filters** dropdown on the right, at the top of the data table and next to the date range filter. Use it to apply common date ranges with a single click. The available options are:

Reviewer: We don't use 'will'.

```suggestion
On an individual Report's page, you can find the **Quick filters** dropdown on the right, at the top of the data table and next to the date range filter. Use it to apply common date ranges with a single click. The available options are:
```

* **Delete** deletes the Report immediately.

Quick filters
=============

.. image:: images/report_quick_filters.png
   :align: center
   :alt: A Mautic Report with the Quick filters dropdown expanded near the top of the data table, showing the Today, Yesterday, Last 7 days, Last 30 days, and Last 90 days date-range options next to the date range filter.

|

> On an individual Report's page, you can find the **Quick filters** dropdown on the right, at the top of the data table and next to the date range filter. Use it to apply common date ranges with a single click. The available options are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. vale off

On an individual Report's page, you can find the **Quick filters** dropdown located on the right, at the top of the data table and next to the date range filter. Use it to apply common date ranges with a single click. The available options are:

.. vale on
```
